♪ ROCK-A-BYE BABY
SNUG IN YOUR BED ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW YOU ARE SLEEPING ♪
♪ AND SOON YOU'LL BE... DEAD ♪
♪ OH, I LEAVE
QUITE AN IMPRESSION ♪
♪ FIVE FEET TO BE EXACT ♪
♪ YOU’RE WONDERING WHY
HALF HIS CLOTHES WENT MISSING ♪
♪ MY BODY'S WHERE THEY’RE AT ♪
♪ NOW I’M GONE
BUT YOU’RE STILL LAYIN’ ♪
♪ NEXT TO ME ♪
♪ ONE DEGREE OF SEPARATION ♪
♪ (I) HEARD YOU’RE BACK TOGETHER
AND IF THAT’S TRUE ♪
♪ YOU’LL JUST HAVE TO TASTE ME
WHEN HE’S KISSING YOU ♪
♪ IF YOU WANT FOREVER
AND I BET YOU DO ♪
♪ JUST KNOW YOU’LL ♪
♪ TASTE ME ♪
♪ TOO ♪
♪♪♪
♪ UH HUH ♪
♪ HE PINS YOU DOWN
ON THE CARPET ♪
♪ MAKES PAINTINGS
WITH HIS TONGUE ♪
♪ (LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA) ♪
♪ HE’S FUNNY NOW
ALL HIS JOKES HIT DIFFERENT ♪
♪ GUESS WHO
HE LEARNED THAT FROM ♪
♪ NOW I’M GONE
BUT YOU’RE STILL LAYIN’ ♪
♪ NEXT TO ME ♪
♪ ONE DEGREE OF SEPARATION ♪
♪ (I) HEARD YOU’RE BACK TOGETHER
AND IF THAT’S TRUE ♪
♪ YOU’LL JUST HAVE TO TASTE ME
WHEN HE’S KISSING YOU ♪
♪ IF YOU WANT FOREVER
AND I BET YOU DO ♪
♪ JUST KNOW YOU’LL ♪
♪ TASTE ME ♪
♪ TOO ♪
♪ (LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA) ♪
♪ EVERY TIME
YOU CLOSE YOUR EYES ♪
♪ AND FEEL HIS LIPS
YOU’RE FEELIN’ MINE ♪
♪ AND EVERY TIME
YOU BREATHE HIS AIR ♪
♪ JUST KNOW
I WAS ALREADY THERE ♪
♪ YOU CAN HAVE HIM IF YOU LIKE ♪
♪ I’VE BEEN THERE, DONE THAT
ONCE OR TWICE ♪
♪ AND SINGIN’ ‘BOUT IT
DON’T MEAN I CARE ♪
♪ YEAH, I KNOW
I’VE BEEN KNOWN TO SHARE ♪
[GIGGLING]
♪ WELL, I HEARD YOU’RE BACK
TOGETHER AND IF THAT’S TRUE ♪
♪ YOU’LL JUST HAVE TO TASTE ME
WHEN HE’S KISSING YOU ♪
♪ IF YOU WANT FOREVER
AND I BET YOU DO ♪
♪ JUST KNOW YOU’LL ♪
♪ TASTE ME ♪
♪ TOO (TASTE ME TOO) ♪
♪ (LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA, LA) ♪
♪ YOU’LL JUST HAVE TO TASTE ME
WHEN HE’S KISSING YOU ♪
[VOCALIZING]
♪ (YEAH, AH-AH) ♪
♪ YOU’LL JUST HAVE TO TASTE ME
WHEN HE’S KISSING YOU ♪
[SOBBING]
- I MEAN, CLINGY.
- I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU PUT UP WITH THAT.
LOT'S OF TRAUMA.
- VERY INSECURE.
- [LAUGHING] VERY INSECURE!
YOU KILL ME.